- 👋 Hi, I’m Aki
- 👀 I’m interested in all analytics and data related problems.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning to apply my knowledge in multiple areas. I possess exceptional research and analytical skills which I developed while pursuing my Master’s in Applied Data Science. I have been practically involved in the field of data analytics as a part of my academic projects. These projects included tasks such as wrangling and analysing data, building and testing statistical models, predictive analysis based on historic data using R language and exploratory tool as key areas of analysis to identify and propose solutions to major data problems. I was successfully able to carry out these projects (The reports of these projects can be seen in https://kapoor2060.medium.com/ ). 
-    I have done my internship in GNS Science in Taupo, New Zealand, wherein I developed software to predict the chances of volcanic eruptions by observing new images of Tangorio volcano. https://kapoor2060.medium.com/image-recognition-for-volcano-webcams-detecting-volcanic-plumes-using-deep-convolutional-neural-b727c8253171  . This project aims to detect features of interest in the webcams automatically which are currently done manually. These features are a key source of information when a volcano is becoming active. Machine learning, statistics and computer vision was used to recognise such features like fumaroles or distinguish between clear and obstructed views. The work included building the training dataset to then implement a prototype image recognition software.
-    During my master’s degree, I have studied the many statistical and analysis techniques which are outprint in the projects that I have worked on.  I performed many statistical techniques on the data and predicted the crash severity of multiple crashes in New Zealand. https://kapoor2060.medium.com/crash-severity-by-statistical-techniques-c1ef37e00098. Other major projects that I worked on in my master’s degree are highlighted in https://kapoor2060.medium.com/.
-    I am a team player as I have experience in leading teams while also working alongside them and motivating them to achieve new levels of progress as I was Class representative for a semester in my master’s degree.
-    I have worked in IT industry for 3+ years before masters. This helped me in jellying in the work environment of an IT firm.
-    Throughout my work and study, I developed several skills like competitive analysis, strategic investigation, problem-solving, teamwork, can do attitude and multitasking to name a few. 

<!---
aki27091995/aki27091995 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
